Add OLM OperatorConditions docs (#28538)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-crds.adoc

|`OperatorGroup`
|`og`
|Configures all Operators deployed in the same namespace as the `OperatorGroup` object to watch for their custom resource (CR) in a list of namespaces or cluster-wide.

|`OperatorConditions`
|-

> |Creates a communication channel between OLM and an Operator it manages. Operators can write to the `Status.Conditions` array to modify OLM management of the Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Creates a communication channel between OLM and an Operator it manages. Operators can write to the `Status.Conditions` array to communicate complex state to OLM.
```

> |Creates a communication channel between OLM and an Operator it manages. Operators can write to the `Status.Conditions` array to modify OLM management of the Operator.

Reviewer: This feature could be used to highlight information that does not modify OLM management of the operator. 
```suggestion
|Creates a communication channel between OLM and an Operator it manages. Operators can write to the `Status.Conditions` array to communicate complex state to OLM.
```
